there's something really magical when
you get people together in a room to
brainstorm as opposed to just like being
a little box on a screen also it's so
fun to figure out how tall people are
after only hanging out with them on Zoom
for the last couple of years we are
saster let's do
it we are S I just met all these cool
Founders that are really excited to
learn more and I love that Community
what other conference has literally this
amount of great minds in one
place
we SAS companies are I believe powering
the future of innovation on the internet
and nowhere is that more evidence than
in the world of SAS and and I think when
I look around here at saster um I just
see Innovation and I see the best that
the tech world has offer this is Tech
this is SAS right and I love just being
here and the energy most of the best
playbooks are inside the minds of the
leaders who've gone from IPO to IPO or
founding company to founding company and
because they're busy that's not public
right and how can you accelerate
everyone's learnings to create better
experiences you bring them together at a
great form like this where you can have
events with people much smarter than me
on stage and deep workshops and
networking and this is like the
heartbeat of SAS we'll have 1,700
mentorship and brain date sessions where
everyone's sharing this mentorship and
brain dates was nent for us before the
world changed now it's our Hub maybe
next year we'll have 2500 it's amazing I
came to saster 6 years ago and I was
blown away I learned so much and I was
like one day I'm going to speak here so
here I am we have a lot of customers in
the US I think that we're meeting all at
the same time at SAS it's the
collaboration it's the conversation and
it's even more important now than before
so you have to be here if you're in sass
yeah